feat: ignore other auth prefixes (#4718)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_lleadbet_ignore_other_auth_prefixes.md

### Ability to ignore other auth prefixes in the JWT plugin

> You can now ignore whether to ignore other header prefixes with the JWT plugin. As many applications will use the format of `Authorization: <scheme> <token>`, this will enable the use other schemes within the `Authorization` header. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now choose whether to ignore other header prefixes with the JWT plugin. Many applications will use the format of `Authorization: <scheme> <token>` and this will enable the use of other schemes within the `Authorization` header. 
```
